<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="reference_tss_dv4_sh">
  <title>Availaible ant properties </title>
  <shortdesc>This properties allows to customize the output.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <properties>
      <property>
        <proptype>http.absolute.uri</proptype>
        <propvalue>Default is empty string</propvalue>
        <propdesc>
          If you set this property, the references to css and javascripts won't be relative to the page but to the value of the http.absolute.uri.
         <codeblock>
           <data-about>
    <data name="language" value="xml"/>
   </data-about>
          &lt;param name="http.absolute.uri" value="/a/themes/"/&gt;
          &lt;param name="html5.copy.libs" value="no"/&gt;
          &lt;param name="html5.copy.assets" value="no"/&gt;
         </codeblock>
        
        </propdesc>
 
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.site.theme</proptype>
        <propvalue>Default: dita-d4p-classic</propvalue>
        <propdesc>Refers to the theme you want to use for the output. This value could also be set
          by using the args.cssroot argument in the command line.<note conref="#reference_tss_dv4_sh/dev-be-aware"/></propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.site.js.vars</proptype>
        <propdesc>Path to the xml files containing variables to be send to the
          javascript d4p object. Default is
          <filepath>${<varname>html5.dir</varname>}/sites/${<varname>htmkl5.site.theme</varname>}/vars.xml</filepath></propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.args.theme.file</proptype>
        <propdesc>Refers to the final relative path to the compressed CSS. By convention, style.css is the
          none-compressed file whereas style-min.css is the compressed one. Default is
            <filepath>themes/${site.theme}/css/style-min.css</filepath></propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.args.js.file</proptype>
        <propdesc>Refers to the final relative path to the compressed
          javascript file. By convention, script.js is the none-compressed file
          whereas script-min.js is the compressed one. Default is
          <filepath>themes/${<varname>html5.site.theme</varname>}/js/script-min.js</filepath></propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.navigation.markup</proptype>
        <propdesc>This feature is experimental. The value of this variable is used to switch from an xsl to another to
          output the navigation markup in different way. Default value is: <option>navigation-default</option>.
          Different navigation way should be proposed in future released of the plugin.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.id.main.container</proptype>
        <propdesc>The @id of the main container element. This element is the first element after the body element.
          Default value is: <option>d4h5-main-container</option>.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.class.main.container</proptype>
        <propdesc>The @class of the main container element. Default value is an empty string.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.id.section.container</proptype>
        <propdesc>The @id of the section container element. is the first element after the body element. Default value
          is: <option>d4h5-section-container</option>.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.class.section.container</proptype>
        <propdesc>The @class of the section container element. Default value is: <option>container_24</option>, which
          activate the 960 Grid for this element and its children.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.id.main.content</proptype>
        <propdesc>The @id of the main content element. The main content is the regions where the AJAX content is
          output. Default value is: <option>d4h5-main-content</option>.</propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.class.main.content</proptype>
        <propdesc>The @class of the main-content element. Default value is: <option>prefix_1 grid_16</option>, which
          means: add an empty column on the left, then add 16 columns for the content. Changing this value allows you to
          set a different size for the content. You should change it with the class.navigation property. </propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.class.navigation</proptype>
        <propdesc>The @class of the navigation element. Default value is: <option>nav-left grid_7</option>, which
          means: the navigation is on the left and span 7 columns for the content. Changing this value allows you to set
          a different size for the navigation. You should change it with the class.main.content property. </propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.js.options</proptype>
        <propdesc>Options that you want to pass to the d4p javascript object. The content of this property allows to
          change the initializer of the d4p object. <codeph>$(function() { d4p.init({ &lt; ${js.options} &gt; });
            });</codeph> Default is an empty string. </propdesc>
      </property>
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.bodyClass</proptype>
        <propdesc>Allows to control the @class of the body element. Default value is: <option>centered img-with-shadow
            ${navigation.markup}</option>, which means: centered layout wth all images having drop-shadows. The
          navigation markup has been added for future development.</propdesc>
      </property>
      
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.copy.libs</proptype>
        <propvalue>Default: no</propvalue>
        <propdesc>Tells wheather or not the html5 library should be copied to the output directory. The libraries are only copied if args.debug is set.</propdesc>
      </property>
      
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.copy.assets</proptype>
        <propvalue>Default: yes</propvalue>
        <propdesc>Tells wheather or not the html5 library should be copied to the final assets (the theme directory). 
          If you use the http.absolute.uri property, you might want to set this value to no and copy it manually.</propdesc>
      </property>
      
      <property>
        <proptype>dita.map.html5.do.package</proptype>
        <propvalue>Yes if html5.theme.exists is not set</propvalue>
        <propdesc>This property force the re-packaging of the theme. Usually it is set to yes if the theme is not found. 
          <note id="dev-be-aware">Be aware that you need development tools in order to build themes.</note> </propdesc>
      </property>
      
      <property>
        <proptype>html5.grid.prefix</proptype>
        <propvalue>Default is the 960.js grid: grid_</propvalue>
        <propdesc>Allows to se a prefix for a CSS grid. The value is automatically preffixed everywhere a column is calculated and output.</propdesc>      
      </property>
      
     <property>
       <proptype>out.ext</proptype>
       <propvalue>Default: .html</propvalue>
       <propdesc>The html file extension</propdesc>
     </property>
    </properties>
  </refbody>
</reference>
